NTeX Release 1.2
================

NTeX is a TeX distribution for Linux. It is compiled with gcc 2.5.8. Please 
read the file INSTALL for the installation procedure. A short description of
the packages included in NTeX could be found in the file INFO. The contents 
of the disks ntex01 to ntex13 can be found in the file DISKS. 

If you have serious problems, comments, suggestions or bug reports, please
contact me. I will try my best to answer your mail and/or remove the bugs.
If you do not have any problems, but you are using this distribution it would
be nice if you drop me an email message. This messages may keep me working
on the NTeX distribution. If you have own programs, macros, fonts, etc. or
you are using something like this which you would like to contribute to this 
distribution, get in contact with me.

Please do not directly contact the authors of the programs in this 
distribution and bother them with problems that may be caused by me. I
cannot guarantee that every package works fine. 

THE NTeX DISTRIBUTION IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO
EVENT SHALL I BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS DISTRIBUTION, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


Frank Langbein,
e94fla@student.tdb.uu.se (till November 1994),
langbein@fermat.mathematik.uni-stuttgart.de

