
The Linux kernel is Copyright 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994 Linus Torvalds (others
hold copyrights on some of the drivers, filesystems, and other parts of the
kernel) and is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License.

(see COPYING in /usr/src/linux)

---------------

Many other software packages included in Slackware are licensed under the GNU
General Public License, which is included in the file COPYING.

----------------

 This product includes software developed by the University of
 California, Berkeley and its contributors:

 Copyright (c) 1980,1983,1986,1988,1990,1991 The Regents of the University
 of California.  All rights reserved.

 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 are met:
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
    must display the following acknowledgement:
    This product includes software developed by the University of
    California, Berkeley and its contributors.
 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
    without specific prior written permission.

 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
 ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
 FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
 DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
 OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
 HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
 LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
 OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
 SUCH DAMAGE.

-----------------

Copyright notice for the Arena Web browser:

Copyright 1995 by: MIT, INRIA, CERN, Norwegian Telecom, Hewlett-Packard

   This W3C software is being provided by the copyright holders under the
   following license. By obtaining, using and/or copying this software, you
   agree that you have read, understood, and will comply with the following
   terms and conditions:

   Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
   documentation for any purpose and without fee or royalty is hereby granted,
   provided that the full text of this NOTICE appears on ALL copies of the
   software and documentation or portions thereof, including modifications,
   that you make.

   THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS," AND COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO
   REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT
   NOT LIMITATION, COPYRIGHT HOLDERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF
   MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF THE
   SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY PATENTS,
   COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS OR OTHER RIGHTS. COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL BEAR NO
   LIABILITY FOR ANY USE OF THIS SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION.

   The name and trademarks of copyright holders may NOT be used in advertising
   or publicity pertaining to the software without specific, written prior
   permission.  Title to copyright in this software and any associated
   documentation will at all times remain with copyright holders.

-----------------

Another acknowledgement for software included in the Arena Web browser:

   "This product includes computer software created and made available by CERN.
    This acknowledgment shall be mentioned in full in any product which
    includes the CERN computer software included herein or parts thereof."

-----------------

The Slackware distribution contains Info-ZIP's compression utilities. 
Info-ZIP's software (Zip, UnZip and related utilities) is free and can be 
obtained as source code or executables from various anonymous-ftp sites,
including ftp.uu.net:/pub/archiving/zip/*. This software is provided free -
there are no extra or hidden charges resulting from the use of this 
compression code. Thanks Info-ZIP! :^)

Zip/Unzip source can also be found in the slackware_source/a/base directory.

-----------------

The Slackware Installation scripts are Copyright 1993, 1994 Patrick Volkerding,
Moorhead, Minnesota, USA. All rights reserved.

 Redistribution and use of this software, with or without modification, is
 permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

 1. Redistributions of this software must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO
  EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
  SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
  PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
  OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
  WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
  OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
  ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-----

Slackware is a trademark of Patrick Volkerding and Walnut Creek CDROM.
Permission to use the Slackware trademark to refer to the Slackware distribution
of Linux is hereby granted if the following conditions are met:

1.  In order to be called "Slackware", the distribution may not be altered
    from the way it appears on the central FTP site (ftp.cdrom.com).  This
    is to protect the integrity, reliability, and reputation of the Slackware
    distribution.  Anyone wishing to distribute an altered version must have
    the changes approved by volkerdi@ftp.cdrom.com (i.e. certified to be
    reasonably bug-free).  If the changed distribution meets the required
    standards for quality, then written permission to use the Slackware
    trademark will be provided.

2.  All related source code must be included.  (This is also required by the
    GNU General Public License)

3.  Except by written permission from Walnut Creek CDROM, the Slackware
    trademark may not be used as (or as part of) a product name or company name.

Note that you can still redistribute a distribution that doesn't meet these
criteria, you just can't call it "Slackware".  Personally, I hate restricting
things in any way, but these restrictions are not designed to make life
difficult for anyone.  I just want to make sure that bugs are not added to
commercial redistributions of Slackware.  They have been in the past, and
the resulting requests for help have flooded my mailbox!  I'm just trying to
make sure that I have some recourse when something like that happens.

Any questions about this policy should be directed to:
    Patrick Volkerding <volkerdi@ftp.cdrom.com>

-----------------

Copyright notice for XView3.2-X11R6:

        (c) Copyright 1989, 1990, 1991 Sun Microsystems, Inc. Sun design
        patents pending in the U.S. and foreign countries. OPEN LOOK is a
        trademark of USL. Used by written permission of the owners.


        (c) Copyright Bigelow & Holmes 1986, 1985. Lucida is a registered
        trademark of Bigelow & Holmes. Permission to use the Lucida
        trademark is hereby granted only in association with the images
        and fonts described in this file.


        SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC., USL, AND BIGELOW & HOLMES
        MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF
        THIS SOURCE CODE FOR ANY PURPOSE. IT IS PROVIDED "AS IS"
        WITHOUT EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.
        SUN  MICROSYSTEMS, INC., USL AND BIGELOW  & HOLMES,
        SEVERALLY AND INDIVIDUALLY, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES
        WITH REGARD TO THIS SOURCE CODE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED
        WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
        PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUN MICROSYSTEMS,
        INC., USL OR BIGELOW & HOLMES BE LIABLE FOR ANY
        SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,
        OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
        OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF  CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
        OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
        WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOURCE CODE.

-----------------

*** Various other copyrights apply. See the documentation accompanying the
software packages for full details.

-----------------

Although every effort has been made to provide a complete source tree for this
project, it's possible that something may have been forgotten. If you discover
anything is missing, we will provide copies - just ask!

   NOTE: We are required to provide any missing source to GPLed software for
   3 years, per this section of the GNU General Public License:

    b) Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least three
    years, to give any third party, for a charge no more than your
    cost of physically performing source distribution, a complete
    machine-readable copy of the corresponding source code, to be
    distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on a medium
    customarily used for software interchange; or,

If you find something is missing (even if you don't need a copy), please point
it out to volkerdi@ftp.cdrom.com so it can be fixed.
